docs: edit Getting Started start/index.md copy and headers (#39583)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/index.md

{@a new-project}

## Create the sample project

First, generate the <live-example name="getting-started-v0" noDownload>ready-made sample project in StackBlitz.</live-example>
If you would like to save your work, log into StackBlitz, fork the project you generated, and save periodically.

In StackBlitz, the preview pane on the right shows the starting state of the example application.
The preview features two areas:

* a top bar with the store name, *My Store*, and a checkout button
* a header for a product list, *Products*

<div class="lightbox">
  <img src="generated/images/guide/start/new-app-all.gif" alt="Starter online store application">
</div>

The project section on the left shows the source files that make up the application, including the infrastructure and configuration files.

When you generate the StackBlitz example apps that accompany the tutorials, StackBlitz creates the starter files and mock data for you.
The files you use throughout the tutorial are in the `src` folder.

For more information on how to use StackBlitz, see the [StackBlitz documentation](https://developer.stackblitz.com/docs/platform/).

{@a product-list}
## Create the product list

> To create the list of products, the following steps use predefined product data from the `products.ts` file and methods from the `product-list.component.ts` file.
> This section guides you through editing the HTML, also known as the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll update the application to display a list of products. You'll use predefined product data from the `products.ts` file and methods from the `product-list.component.ts` file.
This section guides you through editing the HTML, also known as the template.
```

1. In the `product-list` folder, open the template file `product-list.component.html`.
To iterate over the predefined list of products, put the `*ngFor` structural directive on a `<div>`, as follows.

  <code-example header="src/app/product-list/product-list.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/product-list/product-list.component.2.html" region="ngfor">
  </code-example>

  With `*ngFor`, the `<div>` repeats for each product in the list.

  Structural directives shape or reshape the DOM's structure, by adding, removing, and manipulating elements.
  For more information about structural directives, see [Structural directives](guide/structural-directives).

> 1. To display the names of the products, use the interpolation curly braces, `{{}}`.
> Inside the `<div>`, add an `<h3>` and `{{ product.name }}` to display the interpolation of the product's name property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Inside the `<div>`, add an `<h3>` and `{{ product.name }}`. The `{{ product.name }}` statement is an example of Angular's interpolation syntax.  Interpolation `{{ }}` lets you render the property value as text.
```

  <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/product-list/product-list.component.2.html" header="src/app/product-list/product-list.component.html" region="interpolation">
</code-example>

  The preview pane updates to display the name of each product in the list.

  <div class="lightbox">
    <img src="generated/images/guide/start/template-syntax-product-names.png" alt="Product names added to list">
  </div>

1. To make each product name a link to product details, add the `<a>` element around `{{ product.name }}`.

>   Set the title to be the product's name by using the property binding `[ ]` syntax, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the title to be the product's name by using the property binding `[ ]` syntax, as follows:
```

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/product-list/product-list.component.2.html" header="src/app/product-list/product-list.component.html">
    </code-example>

>     In the preview pane, hold the pointer over a product name to see the bound name property value, which is the product name plus the word "details".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the preview pane, hover over a product name to see the bound name property value, which is the product name plus the word "details".
```

>     Interpolation `{{ }}` lets you render the property value as text; property binding `[ ]` lets you use the property value in a template expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Property binding `[ ]` lets you use the property value in a template expression.
```

    <div class="lightbox">
      <img src="generated/images/guide/start/template-syntax-product-anchor.png" alt="Product name anchor text is product name property">
    </div>

4. Add the product descriptions. On a `<p>` element, use an `*ngIf` directive so that Angular only creates the `<p>` element if the current product has a description.

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/product-list/product-list.component.3.html" header="src/app/product-list/product-list.component.html">
    </code-example>

    The application now displays the name and description of each product in the list.
    Notice that the final product does not have a description paragraph.

>     Because the product's description property is empty, Angular doesn't create the `<p>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular doesn't create the `<p>` element because the product's description property is empty, 
```

## Pass data to a parent component

To make the **Notify Me** button work, the child component needs to notify and pass the data to the parent component.
The `ProductAlertsComponent` needs to emit an event when the user clicks **Notify Me** and the `ProductListComponent` needs to respond to the event.

1. In `product-alerts.component.ts`, import `Output` and `EventEmitter` from `@angular/core`.

  <code-example header="src/app/product-alerts/product-alerts.component.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/product-alerts/product-alerts.component.ts" region="imports"></code-example>

1. In the component class, define a property named `notify` with an `@Output()` decorator and an instance of `EventEmitter()`.
  Configuring `ProductAlertsComponent` with an `@Output()` allows the `ProductAlertsComponent` to emit an event when the value of the `notify` property changes.

  <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/product-alerts/product-alerts.component.ts" header="src/app/product-alerts/product-alerts.component.ts" region="input-output"></code-example>

  In new components, the Angular Generator includes an empty `constructor()`, the `OnInit` interface, and the `ngOnInit()` method.

>   Since these steps don't use them, the following code example omits them for brevity.

Reviewer: This could be a note.

1. In `product-alerts.component.html`, update the **Notify Me** button with an event binding to call the `notify.emit()` method.

    <code-example header="src/app/product-alerts/product-alerts.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/product-alerts/product-alerts.component.html"></code-example>

> 1. Next, define the behavior that happens when the user clicks the button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define the behavior that happens when the user clicks the button.
```

  The parent, `ProductListComponent`&mdash;not the `ProductAlertsComponent`&mdash;acts when the child raises the event.
  In  `product-list.component.ts`, define an `onNotify()` method, similar to the `share()` method.

  <code-example header="src/app/product-list/product-list.component.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/product-list/product-list.component.ts" region="on-notify"></code-example>

> 1. Lastly, update the `ProductListComponent` to receive data from the `ProductAlertsComponent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the `ProductListComponent` to receive data from the `ProductAlertsComponent`.
```

  In `product-list.component.html`, bind `<app-product-alerts>`  to the `onNotify()` method of the product list component.
  `<app-product-alerts>` is what displays the **Notify Me** button.

    <code-example header="src/app/product-list/product-list.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/product-list/product-list.component.6.html" region="on-notify"></code-example>

> 1. Now clicking the **Notify Me** button triggers an alert which reads, "You will be notified when the product goes on sale".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Notify Me** button triggers an alert which reads, "You will be notified when the product goes on sale".
```

  <div class="lightbox">
    <img src="generated/images/guide/start/product-alert-notification.png" alt="Product alert notification confirmation dialog">
  </div>

For more information on communication between components, see [Component Interaction](guide/component-interaction "Component interaction").

<hr />

{@a whats-next}

## What's next

> Congratulations!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations!
```
Delete this line. It's risky to congratulate a reader when you can't guarantee their success.

> You've created an application that iterates through data and features components that communicate with each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you've created an application that iterates through data and features components that communicate with each other.
```

> To continue exploring Angular and developing this application, you can choose either of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue exploring Angular and developing this application:
```
